This Capstone student project titled “ASPENLOG 2020”, along with all
associated documents and tools is for educational purposes only. It is
conducted at the University of Toronto only and is not intended for use
in real-world or industrial-scale projects as it has educational
purposes. The Capstone project and associated software are in a
preliminary stage (i.e., alpha version), it is not certified, and
therefore, it hasn't been tested and validated for practical
applications, nor has the application been tested for any security
vulnerabilities that may arise. As this remains a student project, it
does not apply to real-life engineering applications and cannot be used
for industrial-scale projects. The software is provided “as is”, without
any warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. This excludes
but is not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability or
fitness for a particular purpose. The project should be considered a
prototype or a proof of concept only. In no event shall the authors,
creators or the University of Toronto be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages,
including but not limited to procurement of substitute goods or
services; loss of data; or business interruption, however, caused and on
any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability or tort
(including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of
this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. Any
use of the software is at the user’s own risk, and users are solely
responsible for any outcomes resulting from the use of the software.
